Translate subtitles with www.deepsubtitles.com
Put a bomb on her
and blew her up.
Nigga took a page out
of one of my books.
Previously on
All the Queen's Men...
-That nigga a cop.
-Who?
Casanova.
Look like
she's pretty lit.
Go talk to her.
Let's do it. just one time.
-Get your dick off my knee.
-Are you wearing a wire?
We're gonna have to
start to trust each other.
We're gonna be working togethe.
- Where's it at?
- Voila.
Get your ass off the stage
until the queen has crowned you.
You're gonna have your own spot.
But. first. I need you to do
something for me.
-Shoot him.
-What?
Go on. Trouble. Shoot him!
But. but. but. Madam...
What?
He's a cop!
Why the fuck
do you think he's here?
I can't kill no cop.
What difference does it make?
Like. Madam. they gonna be
all over my ass for this.
Well...
You know what.
Trouble?
For once. you're right.
They will fuck up.
-You know what. Tommy?
- Yes.
I'm confused.
Confused about what. Madam?
Well. was it not Trouble
that said
that she wanted
to be down with us?
-Yeah. that's what she said.
- Okay.
And she also said
that she was loyal.
- Right. she did.
- Okay.
And I know I hear you
keep talking
about being on the main stage.
Am I tripping? Is that right?
Said she wanted a solo
in this bitch.
to be exact.
"In this bitch."
That's what it was.
Yeah. So what the fuck
is the problem?
Speak.
I didn't know it was like this!
Like what?
I didn't know
I had to do all of this!
Bitch. this is the queen's
fucking gang.
so you will be jumped in.
-Do it.
-He's a cop. Madam.
Point the gun to his head.
It's simple. Just take it.
point it to his head.
Right there.
See that. Right there.
You feel it? It's soft.
It's called a temple.
No.
Put your finger on that trigger.
On the trigger... There you go.
There you go.
Oh. you can't get through that.
can you?
Do it. Squeeze it.
This is some shit. Madam.
Squeeze it.
Don't do it.
don't do it.
-So. what. you can't do it?
-This is...
Huh?
Can you not do it?
This is a lot.
This is a lot. Madam.
He's a cop.
No. no. no.
You said you were down. right?
You down. you loyal.
you wanna do this shit?
This is what the fuck we do.
Yeah. anybody else. Madam.
Can I steal?
Can I steal for you?
I can steal somethin' else
for you Madam.
This is a lot.
Steal?
Madam. Madam.
this is. this is...
No. no. no. No. it's not a lot.
It's what you asked for. right?
You said you were down. Right...
-Yes. I am...
-Stop fucking cutting me off.
You said you down.
You said you're loyal.
You wanna be in the locker room
with all the fellas?
Wanna do what we do?
Is that what you want?
Huh? 'Cause this is
what the fuck we do.
Do it.
Do it. Trouble.
Huh?
Madam. I can't. I can't do it.
He's a cop.
I can't. I can't do it.
You can't do it?
No.
Oh. shit.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Yeah. yeah. yeah
They know not to play with me
They know I get it started
Ask me will I take it easy?
Told em' that it's harder
Ask me will I quit?
Oh no sir I beg your pardon
They're saying
that it's light
But I turn this bitch
to darkness. darkness
It go up
We don't play around
I won't play 'bout
my dinero. dinero
Got some gangstas
in the cut now. cut now
And they're doing
what I say so
So when I tell you
that you not ready.
you are not fucking ready.
Yes. Madam.
Get your ass
back in the amateur locker room.
She gonna learn today.
No. she's not.
What you gonna do with him?
Please...
"Please." what?
I'll do what you want.
I'll do it.
No. you already tried that.
remember?
I don't trust you.
I can get it back.
It's lost.
I don't check in.
they're coming in here.
locked and loaded.
Cool.
I'm serious. I'm serious!
Oh. I just said
that shit should be fun.
Let me explain to you
the kind of lady I am.
You see. I. um.
dated this guy once.
Decided I'm gonna try
the regular guy thing.
And he was very basic.
but he had a decent job
and a very big dick.
so I said. "Why not?
Let's try it."
He used
to take me out.
Went on vacations.
to the movies.
Dated for. like. six weeks.
You remember that. Tommy?
How can I forget?
Well. after a while. I said.
"Damn. I just.
there's something
that's missing." you know.
just wasn't all the way there.
And then I realized
this nigga's not living life.
You see. I live for the thrill
of blowing a motherfucker's
brains out.
Just wondering.
will y'all catch me?
Maybe yes. most likely no.
That shit makes me wet.
I love it.
And something tells me
you most likely kinda like me.
I mean. considering
the line of work you in.
Just know. for me.
win. lose. or draw.
I'm here for all this shit.
What are you gonna do with me?
I don't know.
I haven't decided yet.
Please let me write a note
to my kid.
Your kid?
No! Please.
Nigga. calm the fuck down.
Kids are off limits.
But I hope you don't think.
by telling me
that you got a child.
that was gonna make me feel
some kind of sympathy for you
because I have clinically been
diagnosed a psychopath.
so I am incapable caring
and feeling
and all that kind of shit.
I wish I could. I really do.
but the doctor said I can't.
Well. at least
the therapist did.
That's what she told my dad.
I was about 11 years old
when she told him that.
I beat the brakes
off this bitch.
She was talking shit
about my eyes.
Why don't you just think about
you and I working together?
Think about it.
Just think it over.
No.
What she gonna do. man?
I'll just tell you this.
Just count the days
you have left.
Miss me. nigga
with hate shit
Miss me. nigga with bullshit
Miss me. nigga
with hate shit
Miss me. nigga with bullshit
I'm a real nigga
I own shit
Mo' money
There's bullshit
Muscle up that grunt shit
That mindless nigga
with my shit
Money talk money talk
long shit
Me and my lady
like grown shit
Pull up
and talkin' more bullshit
Hanger go heavy
be long shit
I'm tryna come out
and leave it
Probably got me some more VD
Hoes be out on a bigger D
So I ain't got no time
for no bullshit
So y'all can miss me. nigga
Bitch wanna ride me
like a ten-speed nigga
Test me like
a high-speed nigga
Mm-mm.
Where is she?
Gotta go get it
like Picard nigga
Walkin' and talkin' shit
old nigga
And then we show ya how to run
a check-up nigga
Miss me. nigga
with fake shit
with fly shit
Miss me. nigga
with hate shit
Miss me. nigga with bullshit
Hey. heard you want VIP.
Yeah.
Okay. did you pay your waitress?
Just gotta get
your bill settled.
Okay. shit. that ain't nothing.
Ah. you ballin'. huh?
-Yeah.
- Okay.
- What'd you do?
-What you mean?
I mean. I ain't never
seen you around before.
So what you do?
Don't worry about all that.
Just know I got money
for the dick.
You want Midnight. right?
Yes. I do.
Okay. I got you.
-Thanks.
-I'll be back with your change.
Nah. hold onto it.
You look like you could use it.
Thank you. This bitch.
This ho tell me
that she like me. yeah
Hashtag wanna be my wifey
yeah
Hope this dick is enough
for ya
I'm a heartbreaker
not a lover. yeah
Karma is a bad bitch
bad boy Blaq. I'm a savage
Stand on my money
an advantage
Saw my old crush
and I fucked her
Liked I missed her
but the pussy average
Listen on
what you might be presented
Push one button to the exit
Only fucked you
'cause you stunted on me
What the hell's wrong with you?
Oh. Nothing.
Yeah. well. get your ass
back on the stage.
-Okay.
-Hi. Trouble.
-Hey.
-You calm?
Yeah. I'm good. I'm good.
All right.
What's that about?
This bitch wanted
to get jumped in.
-Well?
-"Well" what?
She couldn't pull the trigger.
You told her she wasn't ready.
Yes. I did.
Got something to show you.
-Another one?
-Mm-hmm.
Where is she?
She's sitting over there.
- Who? Her?
- Mm-hmm.
That girl ain't never
seen money a day in her life.
And she wearing every label
she got all at once.
Tacky as fuck.
You want me to take her out?
Nah. nah. let's watch her.
She asked for Midnight.
-Did she?
-Mm-hmm.
I hate to say it. Madam...
You think she working with him?
I don't know.
All right. we'll watch.
We'll see.
Okay.
Do me a favor. Text me her name.
We'll make a call.
-Done.
-All right.
Yo. I know y'all heard that.
Heard what?
I swear to God.
I heard two gunshots.
-You did?
-Yes. man. I...
-Hey. yo. Doc.
-Yeah.
Did you hear two shots?
I ain't heard shit.
Face.
did you hear two shots?
Fuck. no.
Mm. So we didn't hear shit.
So. obviously.
you didn't either.
Okay.
Well. maybe he did.
Face. man.
Where'd you hear them come from?
Man. I don't even know.
I just heard it.
Well. maybe you should go
and look for them. Waldo.
Like I said.
he ain't heard shit.
Did you?
No. I didn't.
Mind your fucking business. kid.
Except. he don't never know how
to mind his fucking business.
-Amp.
-What? What do you want?
Come on. man. Relax.
Get the fuck
away from me. Fuego.
Hey. let me holla at you.
homeboy.
What's up?
So you into Dime?
She clearly moved on. bro.
Think you should do the same.
So you think she into you?
I mean. I'm just talking
to her. son.
That's it.
Yeah. okay.
So if you have a problem. bro.
you should definitely go
take it up with her.
No. my nigga. I'm standing
right in front of you.
taking it up with you. son...
-Well. what's up?
-So what's up?
Yo. how the fuck this nigga even
get in here in the first place?
Huh? Somebody tell me that.
-That's what I wanna know.
-Exactly.
Well. if you wanna know.
Ms. Madam likes what she sees...
Yo. yo. yo. tread real fucking
lightly. bro.
Your aunty.
she likes what she sees.
Hey. that's my aunt. nigga.
You must think
you're pretty or some shit.
You don't hear that. brother?
The proof is in
the motherfucking pudding.
you hear me?
You hear them screaming?
That's because I. me.
I deserve to be here.
The proof is gonna be
when a knife is slashing
your motherfucking face.
you hear me?
Well. look. is that
a motherfucking threat or what?
-Like a motherfucker. nigga.
-Well. are you finna--
-Amp!
-What? What?
-Come on. man.
-What do you...
Are you my momma. Fuego? Huh?
-No. I'm just trying...
-All right. so. what.
are you my bitch?
'Cause that's what the fuck
you actin like.
Amp. you being a real asshole.
And I don't give a fuck.
Yo. man.
leave Dime the fuck alone.
Dude been on
some bullshit lately.
-Yeah.
-Yeah. that's the thing. bro.
That nigga on that shit.
Dawg. listen. all right.
I don't want no trouble.
and. look. I ain't looking
for none either.
Yeah. too late. pretty boy.
But I will say one thing.
I will handle mine if I have to.
We'd like to see you do that.
Okay. Okay.
We can keep it there. All right.
Midnight.
What's up?
You got VIP.
Who is it?
What the fuck
is wrong with y'all niggas?
Do I look like
I'm Eden's secretary?
I don't get it.
All right. Here I come. then.
What you doing?
-What?
-I'm about to go on.
I know.
Well. get your ass up there
and intro me...
I'm not introducing you
from up there.
Oh. so you can introduce
that other country-ass nigga
from up there?
See. this is why I stopped
fucking with people I work with.
This shit always ends bad.
Yeah. but you still
fucking that nigga.
-feel me?
- Yeah.
And that's a chance
I'm gonna take tonight.
as a matter of fact.
You're a ball. Dime.
Have you seen his dick?
I think he can give you
a run for your money.
Bullshit. that nigga could never
touched the spots I touched...
-Anyways. Anyways.
Dime. get your ass up there
and intro me. yo.
Ladies.
Give it up for
this moth-- fuc--
Amp!
-So that's all I get? Huh?
-Yeah.
Song ain't that long.
You better go out there.
I just wanna be
Wherever you are
I just wanna know
you're there
I just wanna see
Whatever you see
'Cause I know
you not too shy to share
Cause everywhere I go
and everyone I touch
What I already
know is not enough
And no one's taught me
quite like you
No-oh
Following my eyes
searching for the real
Knowing that there's
not much else
Tell me that you
hear what I'm saying
Ooh I swear you know
the very best way to
Teach me. train me.
guide me baby
Only you can release the love
inside me baby
Waited my turn
and I'm ready to learn now
Teach me. train me.
guide me baby
ooh. only you can
What's up. baby?
Hey.
Damn. you in here.
like. every night.
Yeah.
So you tip the house?
Shit. what you trying to do?
I want that dick.
Okay. Sure. I got you.
And I want to wear this.
What's this?
A mask.
And I want you to
throat-fuck me until I pass out.
Damn. you upping your game. huh?
Yeah. I am.
If you upping that game. you
gotta up that money too. though.
You know I got what you need.
Shit. Thank you.
Here. Help me put it on.
I got you. Hold on.
Let me eat that pussy first
and get ready.
Mm. shit. Daddy.
Lay your ass down.
Okay. Daddy.
That shit was crazy today.
Made some good fucking money.
Shit.
What's wrong with you?
You good?
Nothing.
-It's hot out there. right?
-Hell. yeah.
Yo. get that money.
No. I'm good. I'm good.
No. something's weird.
Yo. you all right. man?
What's up?
Look. I said
I'm good. all right?
Damn. leave me
the fuck alone. Fuck.
What's wrong with her?
Period.
You know she's still getting.
-Oh.
- Mm-hmm.
Man. where's Casanova?
I don't know.
I haven't seen him.
Yeah. I ain't seen him since
he went to Madam's office.
Yeah. me too.
Yeah. I wonder where he is.
hope he all right.
Hey. listen.
that kind of wondering
will get you fucked up
around here. bro.
You right.
Listen. take it from me.
Just. yo. shut your mouth.
Focus on that money.
Focus on your fitness.
and. yo. just watch your back.
all right? I got you.
-Appreciate that. man.
-No doubt. bro. Come on.
Come in.
I was just about to text you.
Tell Joey I'm ready to go.
Madam. I can take you.
What'd I just say?
That Joey is taking you.
What did you want?
You won't believe this.
What?
Ms. Tandy's here to see you.
You kidding me?
No.
Okay. Where's she at?
She's by the front door.
Go bring her to me.
Yes. Madam.
Madam.
Hey. Did Tommy tell you
what I said?
No. what was it?
Then why did you walk in here?
I came here to check on you.
I saw that your door was open.
So you on your job?
-I try to be.
- Okay.
So what is it
that you need from me?
I'm ready to move. Let's go.
All right.
Be ready to move
in five minutes.
Here she is. Madam.
-Hi.
- Hi.
Have a seat.
You gentlemen can leave us.
Yes. Madam.
How are you?
I guess you're probably
wondering why I'm here.
Well. I've got a bit
of good news to share with you.
I see you're not
very chatty today.
so I'll just go on with it.
Madam. I know
we have had our differences.
It's been quite the challenge.
But this information
that I have for you.
I think. you will appreciate.
My husband is entering
the mayoral race.
And that means he'll be able
to assign the chief of police
and so on.
I think we can work together.
And then. if you could
privately endorse him
with the women here at the club.
this district
could certainly swing the vote.
And then any investigation
or anything else
would simply disappear.
But we need something from you.
We'll need to assure
that any of the dealings
that we've had
with certain dancers
stays under wraps.
So what do you say?
I'll let you think about it.
I shall be leaving.
Madam. please let me know
if you'll consider it.
Have a good evening.
Hey. Rayshon.
We miss you.
Yeah.
Baby. Baby.
Fuck. Shit. Hey.
What the fuck
is going on in here?
She
wanted this. Madam.
Night. I know you not
doing this shit in my club.
-I'm sorry.
-Is this bitch dead?
No. just passed out.
Get her. Blue.
Hold... Blue. hold up now!
That's my tipper. yo!
Can't see that
that bitch is dead?
Shit. Oh. damn.
Oh. that was such...
Damn.
That was such a high.
- Hi.
-What?
Look. it's late. okay?
And I'm tired.
I would like to go home
and go to sleep.
So I only have a few questions.
About what?
Where'd you get your money from?
What?
Midnight. please
tell your friend
that I do not like
to repeat myself.
Tell her where you got
the fucking money from.
What? I ain't gotta tell
this bitch nothing.
- Bitch.
-What the fuck?
I would like to go one day.
just one fucking day.
without violence.
How long you known this bitch?
About a month.
She always paying you
in old bills?
- Yeah.
- How much?
Majority of my money
come from her.
Okay. you can go.
-You sure you don't...
-You can go.
Damn. I'll miss that thrill.
Hey. don't leave me here
with her.
You on your own.
Now. as a courtesy.
I'm gonna ask you one more time
because you just learned
that I don't like to do what?
Repeat yourself.
Exactly.
So where the fuck
you get that money from?
My brother gave it to me.
What's your brother's name?
-William Harvey.
- Bill?
Yeah. that's what we call him.
When did he give you that?
Last night.
So you saw him last night?
-Yeah.
- Where at?
At me and my momma house.
Okay. I think I need to go
pay a visit to your mother.
Why?
Because you're lying.
About what? My brother
did give me that money.
Your brother's dead
and I know it.
so you did not see him
last night.
What?
Bring this bitch to my car.
Okay. wait. wait. please.
I can expl--
I'm not gonna argue with you.
Come on.
Okay.
Hey. hold up.
Man. what the fuck you doing?
She's ready to go.
-Look. I said hold up.
-What is it?
Madam. I have a couple of guys
that are riding around
every 15 minutes on motorcycles.
Nigga. it's a motorcycle gang
on the same street.
Maybe if your ass stayed out
of her office
for more than five minutes.
you would know that.
Look. I'm well aware
there's a gang around here.
All right. but they be
running like clockwork.
And they're not
Harley motorcycles either.
What you think we should do?
We should sit still
a while longer.
No. I love this shit.
Madam. if you not gonna
listen to what I say.
then I can't protect you.
What. are you stupid?
She's Madam.
Nigga. she don't need you.
Madam. I think
you need to reconsider.
I think you need to realize
I have business
with this young lady here.
I'm tired and I wanna go to bed.
Let's go.
There they are.
Get her in the car.
Damn. it's like that?
Nigga. ain't nobody
scared of you.
Then get out the fucking car.
No.
Move. nigga.
Nigga. move.
Open the fucking door.
You got your gun. right?
If this bitch shoots me.
then kill him.
So you did that shit
to my sister-in-law?
No. I did it. You wanna be next?
My brother gonna fuck you up.
Where is your brother?
You better believe
he's leaving bread crumbs
all around this motherfucker
for you to follow.
Fuck you think I am?
Hansel and Gretel?
You know
you no match for him. right?
Mm. I'm a match for you.
-Oh. yeah?
- Mm-hmm.
Have yourself
a good fucking night.
You do the same.
I like your little toy.
You like this?
Mm-hmm. I just said I liked it.
-It's nice. Is it new?
- Mm.
It just came out.
Drive off then
or lay down. bitch.
Watch your fucking mouth.
Fuck off me.
-And. you...
-What?
Bang.
Boom. scary motherfucker.
Let's go.
This nigga style...
Thank you.
Sure.
You're light.
Yeah. I know.
That's not the way to make it
to the main stage.
Well. I know
that there are other ways.
"Other..." What does that mean?
Nothing.
Nah. go ahead. If you got
something to say. say it.
No. I'm good.
-Get out of here.
-Bye.
I think I did pretty good.
You keep trying. baby.
-Okay. Yes. Yeah.
-Thank you.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Oh. killer night. huh?
-Yeah. quite a night.
-Okay.
-I'll see you.
-All right. be cool.
-Bye.
- Sure.
Here you go. love.
Where's Amp?
In the dressing room.
being a real asshole.
Shit.
I can go get him if you want.
No. So he can be more pissed?
Yeah. the man be giving me
a hard time.
No. I'll get Tommy to do it.
All right.
Tommy.
Come on.
Amp hasn't tipped out yet.
All right. I'll get him.
-Okay. thank you.
-Look. I'm gonna wait for you.
-D...
- No. look.
Midnight is gone.
He left with Madam.
Dime. I'm gonna
wait for you. all right?
-Okay. I'm good.
- All right...
Okay. well. look.
how long you expect?
I don't know. I got a lot to do
before I can leave. so...
Yeah. I feel that. but. look.
I'm gonna be over there
at the bar. waiting for you.
Okay. Fine.
I'm gonna be waiting. I'm gonna
be chilling. all right?
I'll see you later.
-Okay. Great.
-All right.
What the fuck are you doing?
Come on. nigga. get up.
What the fuck do you want?
Get up.
Nigga. leave me the fuck alone.
I'm resting. bro.
Well. you can rest
at your damn house.
We got a club to close up.
Come on. Amp.
Nigga. how much
you had to drink?
None of your
fucking business. nigga.
Well. you smell
like a whole damn bottle.
Who the fuck cares?
Whatever. man.
hurry the hell up.
I need a fucking raise.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Whatever.
What the fuck
you do to that nigga?
-Tommy...
- Dime.
You need to give that nigga
a hug or something.
That nigga acting
a straight damn ass.
I have to wrap this up.
Mm-hmm. Do what you gotta do.
-What the fuck?
-Hi.
What the fuck
is you doing in here?
I just wanted to come
take a look around.
Look. you got a warrant?
Nah. there's no need
for one of those.
Fuck. you don't.
No one will ever know
that I was here.
I got cameras all around
my house.
What the fuck
is you talking about?
Shit. Oh.
You mean these cameras?
Yeah. they're so easy
to scramble.
Get the hell out of here.
I just wanna talk.
What the hell do you want?
I wanna talk to you
about making a deal.
Now you know. come on.
I ain't got nothing
to say to you
about that shit. What?
Why? Oh. because the last time
you made a deal with me.
I remember.
Yeah. the last time you put
a fucking wire in my jacket.
Yeah. I hope you did remember.
Well. don't be mad
'cause it was worth a shot.
The only thing
that's gonna be worth a shot
is you getting shot in your ass
if you don't get
-the fuck out my house.
-Woah. okay.
All right. Well. look.
if that's how you feeling.
here. use mine.
Go ahead.
Don't tempt me.
I just wanna talk.
You're tempted.
What?
Yeah. you tempted.
-Tempted?
-Yeah.
You want some dick.
Please. you're delusional.
No. Look. you come to my house.
unannounced. right?
- Mm-hmm.
-You come in.
you turn off the cameras.
You turn off the cameras 'cause
you don't wanna get caught.
What you need is a tune-up.
-A tune-up?
-Yeah. tune-up.
Wow. Yeah. you crazy.
Yeah. Maybe.
Do you really think I'm gonna
risk my entire investigation
that I've worked so hard on
just to sleep
with the likes of you?
Yeah. you would.
That's why you here.
Now. let's do it.
I mean. come on. Shit.
You think
this makes me uncomfortable?
No. Actually. I think
it makes you wet.
Okay. This is not happening.
It is happening.
I just came here because I want
you to work with me.
You know that shit's
not happening.
Well. I wish
you would reconsider
'cause I'm gonna make it
worth your while.
Yeah. And. uh.
I'm gonna make this
worth your while.
Kenny. um...
What's wrong?
I mean. I've been in jail
and shit all night long.
But how you want it?
Clean or you want it like this?
You should pull your pants up.
Should I?
Yeah. you want it like this.
I know your type.
all strong-acting and shit
but. really. you just wanna
be dominated
and punished
at the same damn time.
So you tell me. how you want it?
Does this normally work?
Yeah. it does.
All I want is for you
to reconsider my offer.
You know what? I got you.
-You do? Okay.
- Yeah.
I got you. but. first.
I need to check...
Uh-huh. uh-huh.
You don't get to touch me.
Well. watch me touch myself.
Kenny.
Wow.
This is your last chance.
And this is your last chance.
You see how hard I am.
just looking at your sexy ass?
Come on. Detective.
I'm leaving.
Where you going?
You don't want nothing to do
with this PHD?
From the Doc?
Yo.
You look good
just like my baby momma
I might risk it all
with no problem
Do it right now
I got no options
It be feeling good
don't wanna stop it
Girl. I'm trying to be
your baby daddy
I'm not one in love
Don't be naggin'
I can't control
when you get this nasty
I'm not pullin' out
Don't give me that bit
Boy. you know I like that
Boy. you know I bite back
Don't open up
that other side
Don't fuck around
and get trapped
I have you going so crazy
Screamin' I have a favorite
-Please.
-Shut the fuck up.
Kasha. what is going on?
Hi.
Who the fuck did you bring
in my damn house?
My name is Madam.
Well. it's too late
for her to have company.
So you need to get out of here.
I don't think so. Not yet.
Is your son's name Bill?
Why? Have you heard from him?
I have.
Well. where the hell is he?
He's dead.
-What?
- Yeah.
he stole money. apparently.
from the wrong person. so...
No. don't tell me that.
That's my baby.
Oh. I'm sorry about your baby.
So your son
stole my fucking money.
And your daughter here has been
spending it at my club.
-Club?
- Yeah.
And it's a strip club too.
Now. I'm not sure how close
you and your daughter are
on. you know. the kind
of shit she's into.
but. um. she really enjoys
getting throat-fucked
and passing out.
What are you saying to me?
I'm saying she likes to gag
on big. black dick
like his in particular.
You need to get out of my house.
I'd love to do that
'cause this motherfucker stinks.
But I can't. you see.
I need my money.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
You don't know
what I'm talking about?
No. I don't know
what you're talking about.
Okay. Well. then I think
it might be time
for you to take your shot.
What are you talking about?
I don't need a shot.
Oh. you don't?
So you not diabetic?
Right. It's time
for you to take your shot.
Blue. go check the refrigerator
and bring me back a needle.
You trying to kill me.
Exactly.
Who are you?
I'm a fucking pathogen
that has been sent here to
destroy everything in my path.
including you. you. and whatever
the fuck else you got.
-You got it?
-Right here.
- Thank you.
- What are you doing?
Please. don't hurt
my mother.
Well. somebody
better start talking.
No. she doesn't know anything.
Okay. well. what do you know?
I don't know nothing.
He just gave us the money.
then he left.
Oh. so he did give you
the money. though.
All right.
check this motherfucker.
Listen. I don't have
no money here.
Now. I'm a good Christian woman.
Please. don't do this!
You a good Christian woman?
- Yes.
-Oh. okay.
You got a nasty-ass daughter
for a Christian woman.
just so you know.
- Madam.
- Yeah.
Oh. shit. who the fuck is this?
That's my husband.
-He has dementia.
- Okay.
Go check the mail.
Find his name.
Look him up.
If I had the money.
I would give it back.
Right. 'cause you're a good
Christian woman. right?
-Yes. I am.
- Okay.
I heard you.
Well. let's see
what this is. Oh.
Says that you been keeping him
from his kids.
And they sued you? Wow.
And you getting yourself
social security. I see.
No. that is not true.
They weren't treating him right.
Right. and having him chained
here in a fucking wheelchair.
smelling like shit.
that's treating him right here?
You need to get the fuck
out of my house. you bitch.
Oh. my God. did she
just swear at me?
I thought you were Christian.
Huh? Right! Night!
Come check this shit.
Don't you dare. Don't you dare!
Got something.
And there it is.
So I assume you didn't know that
that was there. either.
did you? Hm.
Do you know who I am?
I do.
You a dead bitch.
No. No! No!
Momma. Momma. wait... Momma.
Get my fucking money.
Momma. momma.
Wait. wait. wait.
Good night. baby.
Momma. Momma.
please. Momma. wait.
Momma. wait.
Please. Momma. wait.
Help!
-Yo...
-Hey. help me. help me!
-What the fuck?
-Help me.
Fuck are you doing down here?
I said. what the fuck
are you doing down here?
For the record
I been breakin' records son
That's what happen when I mix
that Henny with that whiz-ey
Fuckin' with my money means
I'm fuckin' with you liz-ife
Don't let the cramp get you
caught up in the hizz-ey
Hold up bitch
I'm bizzy on the phone
Talkin' bizzness
Full on 30 niggas
they were fuckin' witnezz
All up on my nutz
Saudi niggas in my children
Show 'em how to go and flip
a hunned to a million
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today